Changed "given below" to "given here" in README (#52)
JuliaPhysics/PhysicalConstants.jl: README.md

`SpeedOfLightInVacuum` and `NewtonianConstantOfGravitation` are two of the
`PhysicalConstant`s defined in the `PhysicalConstants.CODATA2022` module, the

> full list of available constants is given [here](https://juliaphysics.github.io/PhysicalConstants.jl/stable/constants/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[full list of available constants](https://juliaphysics.github.io/PhysicalConstants.jl/stable/constants/) is given in the documentation.
```
